Dabaszinibas include physics, biology and chemestry.
there is 1x a week physics, 1x a week biology and 1x a week chemestry.
We look only in physics part, meaning all presentations and tets are about physics, because we teach physics to pupils (10-12th grade).
10th grade includes themes 10.1. to 10.5, 11th grade 10.6. to 10.10. and 12th grade 10.11. to 10.16. that are found in file dabaszinibas_programma.
There should be 2 to 4 tests a year, so it means that some themes are merged together. Tou have to decide what themes aro better fit together. tests are made only about physics part where is included (no chemestry or biology, but if it is combined with physics, then only then can be with thouse subjects). students at the end of 12th grade will have national exam like it is in file dabaszinibas_eksamens (it is one of previouse years exams). so the learning goal is to prepare to the exam.
In file formulas_dabaszinibas is found the formulas that can be used in tasks and theory (during these 3 year program should work with all physics formulas at least once or more times).

Structure: /aphysics/Dabaszinibas inside create files for themes (there are 14 themes in file dabaszinibas_programma can see) and some themes are combined because there tests are combines. inside the theme files there are created for each lesson one PowerPoint (slides) where is short theory and after then are slides about tasks. when displayed tasks, then there is shown 3 tasks at the same time - 1st task is on top, then there is gap and below other 2 tasks (or less if tasks are too long). in the gap in text slides shows how tasks are done (changing only the gap part and tasks remain visible). when 1st task done then 2nd is on top and below shows 3rd and 4th tasks (if enough space). tasks are done like in latvian standart: Dots:...; Jāaprēķina:...; Formulas:...; Aprēķins: 1)...; 2)...;... . Show step by step and so clearly visible on classroom whiteboard big TV.

there are 9 months in latvian school year, during school year 4 weeks of school break, exam in around 10th of may, meaning last test for 12th grade can be at about 15th of april.
file ''Dabaszinības ALL klase - 10.-12. klases saturs vienā gadā'' is a file that clearly shows the lesson and test (PD) plan.